Update demos and contributing (#548)
plotly/dash-bio: CONTRIBUTING.md

  client
  ([setup instructions](http://faculty.smu.edu/reynolds/unixtut/windows.html)).

## Step 1: Clone the dash-bio repo and install its dependencies

```bash
git clone https://github.com/plotly/dash-bio.git
cd dash-bio
npm ci
```

## Step 2: Develop

> Development of a component for this repository comprises of two parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development of a component for this repository is composed of two parts:
```

npm run test
```

## Step 4: Rebuild the package if necessary

If you have made changes to the JS code, then you need to rebuild the package:

```bash

> npm run build:all

Reviewer: Not for this PR but just because I'm noticing it: unless we already have one, please make an issue to update our package scripts for dash-bio, using perhaps dcc as a model: there should only be three build scripts: `build:js`, `build:backends` (builds Py, R, and Jl using `dash-generate-components`, no `python -c`, no `get_version_info.py`), and `build` to combine them. Assuming our source mapping is set up correctly there is no reason for `build:dev` or `build:js-dev`.
